c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\bin\Debug\Projekat.exe.config
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\bin\Debug\Projekat.exe
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\bin\Debug\Projekat.pdb
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\Projekat.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\Projekat_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\Projekat_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\Projekat.g.resources
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\Projekat.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\Projekat.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\Projekat.exe
c:\users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\Projekat.pdb
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\AboutBox1.g.cs
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\AboutBox1.baml
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\WorkingWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\WorkingWindow.baml
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\AddWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\night\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Projekat\Projekat\obj\Debug\AddWindow.baml
